#29: Setup JSON Web Tokens (#30)
mdeslippe/easy-tracker: server/README.md

checked for. If they occur, it is recommended to attempt the query / transaction a second
or third time. After that if they are still occurring, then it should return an error.

## User Authentication

[JSON Web Tokens (JWT)](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7519) are used for request

> authentication after a user has logged in. As stated in the RFC, JSON Web Token (JWT) is a

Author: ```suggestion
authentication after users have logged in. As stated in the RFC, JSON Web Token (JWT) is a
```

Author: Fixed

compact, URL-safe means of representing claims to be transferred between two parties. The
claims in a JWT are encoded as a JSON object that is used as the payload of a JSON Web Signature
(JWS) structure or as the plaintext of a JSON Web Encryption (JWE) structure, enabling the claims
to be digitally signed or integrity protected with a Message Authentication Code (MAC) and/or
encrypted.

> 

Author: Add some details about the specific algorithm used for signing the tokens.

Author: Added
